# Media-Extractor Setup Project

This project is the setup build project, using **Inno Setup**

## Compatibility

The Visual Studio extension was initially written for VS version 2005 and 2008. It may nit be compatible with newer versions and may throw errors during the build process in the IDE.

However, the main installer script file **InstallScript.iss** sould be compiled by a recent version fo a InnoSetup installation without issues.

If building in the IDE fails, the build can be performed directly in the Inno Setup Compiler application.

## Environment

The project has only one preset to be maintened: The Inno Setup Path.
This path is currently set to the standard installation path:

```sh
C:\Program Files (x86)\Inno Setup 6
```

However, depending on the installation of the Inno Setup framework, this path must be adapted in the Visual Studio project to be runnable.

## Installer Script

The installer script (**InstallScript.iss**) is usually auto-generated by the **Installer Bootstrap Utility** form the Media-Extractor solution. On building Media-Extractor, the utility is triggered and will create a recent version of InstallScript.iss, using the template file **InstallScript.iss.TPL** in the sub folder *Templates*.

## Template

The template file **InstallScript.iss.TPL** is basically a .iss file for Inno Setup but contains some variables like:

```sh
${TPL_MY_APP_VERSION}
```

These variables with the syntax:

```sh
${ String }
```

... are defined in the **Installer Bootstrap Utility** project and will be replaced with the actual values, when running the bootstrap utility.
